release: Include updating Materialize Cloud in the checklist (#7364)
MaterializeInc/materialize: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md

[bintray]: https://bintray.com/beta/#/materialize/apt/materialized

### Open a PR on the cloud repo enabling the new version

- [ ] Issue a PR to the cloud repo to allow the released version following [the instructions][].
- [ ] After that PR has been merged, a PR suggesting a merge from `main` -> `production` will be

>   automatically created and assigned to you. Either merge it or request that someone from the
>   cloud team merge it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  automatically created and assigned to you. Request somebody on the 
  [@MaterializeInc/cloud-deployers](https://github.com/orgs/MaterializeInc/teams/cloud-deployers/members)
  team review it; once approved, merge the PR and it will be automatically deployed to production.
  
```
